모모모
모모모One hundred and thirteen million Americans have at least one bank-issued credit card. They give their owners automatic credit in stores, restaurants, and hotels, at home, across the country, and even abroad, and they make many banking services available as well. More and more of these credit cards can be read automatically, making it possible to withdraw or deposit money in scattered locations, whether or not the local branch bank is open. For many of us the 몷cashless society몸 is not on the horizon-it's already here. 
모모모While computers offer these conveniences to consumers, they have many advantages for sellers too. Electronic cash registers can do much more than simply ring up sales. They can keep a wide range of records, including who sold what, when, and to whom. This information allows businessmen to keep track of their list of goods by showing which items are being sold and how fast they are moving. Decisions to reorder or return goods to suppliers can then be made. At the same time these computers record which hours are busiest and which employees are the most efficient, allowing personnel and staffing assignments to be made accordingly. And they also identify preferred customers for promotional campaigns. Computers are relied on by manufacturers for similar reasons. Computer-analyzed marketing reports can help to decide which products to emphasize now, which to develop for the future, and which to drop. Computers keep track of goods in stock, of raw materials on hand, and even of the production process itself. 
모모모Numerous other commercial enterprises, from theaters to magazine publishers, from gas and electric utilities to milk processors, bring better and more efficient services to consumers through the use of computers. 
모모모One of the world's most spirited lands, Brazil has made its mark on soccer fields and Carnival extravaganzas, but what it really leads the planet in are exuberance and passion for living.
모모모As the world descends on Rio de Janeiro for the Olympiad, Brazilians are ready to help the world take a load off and experience something missing for a while: fun.
모모모Here are 10 things Brazil does better than anywhere else:
모모모Playfulness C Brazil's citizens know how to have fun, and it's infectious. From sports to celebrations, Brazilians play hard.
모모모Research shows that playfulness creates a kind of charisma that others want in on.
모모모It's a key part of the Brazilian personality: a willingness to laugh at themselves, their predicaments and political absurdities and to welcome others in on the joke.
모모모A few years back, Brazilians voted a clown into Congress. What was unusual was that he was a real clown by profession. Francisco Everardo Oliveira Silva, known by his stage name of "Grumpy" in Portuguese, won on a slogan, "It can't get any worse."
모모모It did. Despite their problems, Brazilians can put them aside and live in the moment, something the rest of the world could learn from.
모모모Brazil is a music universe unto itself, unrivaled in diversity of musical styles, instruments and rhythms.
모모모The world knows samba, a mix of European marches and African drumming; and bossa nova, a slower samba infused with French impressionism and American jazz.
모모모But Brazil's diverse population moves to the beat of many different drummers.
모모모Instruments such as the comical-- a drum that sounds like a dog in heat -- are found only in Brazil.
모모모Satisfying lunches C Lunch is not a dainty affair in Brazil. It's advisable to go easy on breakfast, as the midday meal may put most visitors close to capacity.모모
모모모Brazilian portions can be gigantic, often larger than even the standard American plateful. It's not a miscommunication when your waiter brings you enough food for twice your number.
모모모A light breakfast is advised, since you'll consume a lot more than you thought for lunch.
모모모Brazilians don't bury their cuisine in fiery sauces that kill flavor. In fact, aside from Bahians, they steer clear of hot sauces in favor of flavorful seasonings.
모모모They specialize in supertender thin strips of beef and other carnivorous delights, served with rice, beans and fried bananas, washed down with a beer or soda.
모모모It's often said that if Brazilians could channel the creativity and industry they put into their annual Carnival blowout into economic endeavors, the country would be unstoppable.
모모모Celebrating is a priority for Brazilians, whether it's on a colossal scale or just a backyard barbecue.
모모모And the festivities don't stop. A profusion of regional celebrations, great support for the arts and an abundance of religious holidays keep celebrations on the calendar year-round.
모모모
모모모
모모모