One of the world's most spirited lands, Brazil has made its mark on soccer fields and Carnival extravaganzas, but what it really leads the planet in are exuberance and passion for living.
As the world descends on Rio de Janeiro for the XXXI Olympiad, Brazilians are ready to help the world take a load off and experience something missing for a while: fun.
Here are 10 things Brazil does better than anywhere else:
Playfulness 每 Brazil's citizens know how to have fun, and it's infectious. From sports to celebrations, Brazilians play hard.
One of the world's most spirited lands, Brazil has made its mark on soccer fields and Carnival extravaganzas, but what it really leads the planet in are exuberance and passion for living.
As the world descends on Rio de Janeiro for the XXXI Olympiad, Brazilians are ready to help the world take a load off and experience something missing for a while: fun.
Here are 10 things Brazil does better than anywhere else:
Playfulness 每 Brazil's citizens know how to have fun, and it's infectious. From sports to celebrations, Brazilians play hard.
Research shows that playfulness creates a kind of charisma that others want in on.
It's a key part of the Brazilian personality: a willingness to laugh at themselves, their predicaments and political absurdities and to welcome others in on the joke.
A few years back, Brazilians voted a clown into Congress. What was unusual was that he was a real clown by profession. Francisco Everardo Oliveira Silva, known by his stage name of "Grumpy" in Portuguese, won on a slogan, "It can't get any worse."
It did. Despite their problems, Brazilians can put them aside and live in the moment, something the rest of the world could learn from.
Brazil is a music universe unto itself, unrivaled in diversity of musical styles, instruments and rhythms.
The world knows samba, a mix of European marches and African drumming; and bossa nova, a slower samba infused with French impressionism and American jazz.
But Brazil's diverse population moves to the beat of many different drummers.
Instruments such as the comical cu赤ca -- a drum that sounds like a dog in heat -- are found only in Brazil.
Satisfying lunches 每 Lunch is not a dainty affair in Brazil. It's advisable to go easy on breakfast, as the midday meal may put most visitors close to capacity.﹛﹛
Brazilian portions can be gigantic, often larger than even the standard American plateful. It's not a miscommunication when your waiter brings you enough food for twice your number.
A light breakfast is advised, since you'll consume a lot more than you thought for lunch.
Brazilians don't bury their cuisine in fiery sauces that kill flavor. In fact, aside from Bahians, they steer clear of hot sauces in favor of flavorful seasonings.
They specialize in supertender thin strips of beef and other carnivorous delights, served with rice, beans and fried bananas, washed down with a beer or guaran芍 soda.
It's often said that if Brazilians could channel the creativity and industry they put into their annual Carnival blowout into economic endeavors, the country would be unstoppable.
Celebrating is a priority for Brazilians, whether it's on a colossal scale or just a backyard barbecue.
And the festivities don't stop. A profusion of regional celebrations, great support for the arts and an abundance of religious holidays keep celebrations on the calendar year-round.
Plastic surgery 每 Brazil passed the United States in 2014 as the top country for several cosmetic surgery procedures. Medical tourists flock to the country in pursuit of body modifications.
Brazil passed the United States in 2014 as the top country for several cosmetic surgery operations, according to the International Society of Aesthetic Plastic Surgery.
Brazilian plastic surgeons racked up more than 161,000 eyelid operations, 515,000 breast procedures, 129,000 bellies, 380,000 faces and 63,000 butt augmentations (a rapidly growing segment, no pun intended). Brazil's contributions amounted to almost 13% of the world's plastic surgery operations.
There's no stigma to plastic surgery in Brazil and people talk openly about their procedures and recommended doctors.
The quality of surgeons is high and the prices lower than in the United States. The combination attracts medical tourists from around the world.
Exotic fruit 每 A tremendous array of fresh fruit keeps the beverages flowing at Brazil's many thirst-quenching juice bars.
Brazil has the world's widest collection of homegrown exotic fruits, many of which you have never heard of.
And it's not just in rare fruits that Brazil excels. The country is the No. 1 producer of citrus fruit in the world.
Brazilians are experts in especially tasty fruit drinks, or sucos. Just about every other street in Rio has a juice bar.
It can be awkward meeting strangers and edging into their personal space, so Brazilians like to get past the preliminaries and go straight to greeting like a longtime friend.
A kiss on both cheeks is customary for a male introduced to an adult female, with another pair of kisses delivered on leaving.
Of course, there's no holding back for people who are more than friends, and you will see passionate kisses exchanged openly in public as if no one else was looking.
Bakeries 每 Baked goods come in many shapes and sizes in Brazil. The art of the bakery thrives in Brazil in the form of the padaria.
The art of the bakery thrives in Brazil in the form of the padaria.
These neighborhood temples to the sweet tooth offer a dizzying variety of cakes, or bolo -- moist and dense that melt in your mouth -- plus an array of tarts, cheesecakes, cookies, brownies, fruit-topped tortes, flans, mousses and the potent mini-coffees known as cafezinhos.
Local padarias keep your budget under control and the palate delighted.﹛﹛Paderias also offer a wide assortment of fresh-baked bread and croissants and many have deli fare for lunch and dinner, from sandwiches to empanadas to pastels. Some padarias have soups, crepes and fresh juices.
There's only one thing wrong with these one-stop shops for the taste buds: They're in Brazil and not on your block.
Trees? They got 'em here. The Amazon has some 390 billion trees, which adds up to half the total of the world's surviving rainforests and 16,000 different species of trees.
More than half the Amazon Basin's 1.4 billion acres are in Brazil, including thousands of miles of the Amazon River, the world's largest river by volume.
The Amazon is home to 1 in 10 of the world's known species, 20% of the world's bird species, 40,000 plant species and trees crucial to limiting greenhouse gases.
Brazil is a realm of the senses, where everything is felt, smelled and tasted more intensely. That goes for one of the country's favorite menu items, churrasco, meaty delights pulled off the barbecue grill.
Churrasco involves spearing slabs of beef, pork, chicken and sausage with skewers. When they're seared just right, the skewers are pulled out and the meat is sliced off in thin sections with surgical precision, unlike the jumbo hunk portions of American steaks.
At the big steakhouses, called churrascarias, servers go table to table, wielding skewers sizzling with meat and carving knives like something out of ancient Chinese swordplay. One has beef, another pork, another chicken.